# ...HelpInfo

There are few structs that describe help information for argument parsing entities.

## ArgumentHelpInfo

`ArgumentHelpInfo` contains data that is needed to print help for an command line argument:

- `const string[] names` - all short and long names of an argument prefixed with `Config.shortNamePrefix` or
  `Config.shortNamePrefix` respectively.
- `string description` - description of an argument.
- `string placeholder` - value placeholder (eg. `VALUE` for `--foo VALUE` argument).
- `bool multipleOccurrence` - flag denoting that an argument can appear multiple times in command line.
- `bool optionalValue` - flag denoting that the value is optional for argument.
- `bool optionalArgument` - flag denoting that an argument itself is optional.
- `bool positional` - flag denoting that an argument is positional (otherwise, it's named argument).
- `bool hidden` - flag denoting that an argument should be hidden from help screen.
- `bool booleanFlag` - flag denoting that an argument is a boolean flag.

## ArgumentGroupHelpInfo

`ArgumentGroupHelpInfo` contains information about arguments group:

- `string name` - name of the group.
- `string description` - group description.
- `const size_t[] argIndex` - indexes of arguments that belong to this group. Arguments themselves are store in [`CommandHelpInfo`](#commandhelpinfo).

## SubCommandHelpInfo

`SubCommandHelpInfo` contains information about subcommand:

- `const string[] names` - subcommand names.
- `string description` - subcommand description.

## CommandHelpInfo

`CommandHelpInfo` contains information about subcommand:

- `string name` - command name.
- `string usage` - command usage.
- `string description` - command description.
- `string epilog` - command epilog.
- `ArgumentHelpInfo[] arguments` - all arguments of the command.
- `ArgumentGroupHelpInfo requiredGroup` - group of required arguments of the command.
- `ArgumentGroupHelpInfo optionalGroup` - group of optional arguments of the command.
- `ArgumentGroupHelpInfo[] userGroups` - user-defined groups of arguments of the command.
- `SubCommandHelpInfo[] subCommands` - subcommands.

This struct also has the following helpers to iterate over positional or named arguments only - the both return filtered
range of arguments (`ArgumentHelpInfo` objects):

- `auto positionalArguments() const`
- `auto namedArguments() const`
